one side of the armed conflicts is made up mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group recruited mostly from the afro-arab abbala tribes of northern rizeigat region in sudan .
jeddah is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to be a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a neurosurgeon .
the tarantula , the trickster character , spun a black cord and crawled away to the ball . he was pulling on the cord with all his strength .
he died six weeks later , on 13 january 888 .
they are culturally akin to the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient of the kate greenaway medal has also been presented with the colin mears award to the value of £ 5 .
following the drummers are dancers , who often play the sogo -lrb- a tiny drum that makes almost no sound -rrb- and tend to have more elaborate acrobatics .
the spacecraft has two main elements : the nasa cassini orbiter , named after the italian-french astronomer giovanni domenico cassini , and the esa huygens probe , named after dutch astronomer christiaan huygens .
alessandro mazzola -lrb- born 8 november 1942 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham went to wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
however , the bzo differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party , as is in favor of a referendum about the lisbon treaty but against an eu-withdrawal .
many species had gone by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was added to the rock and roll hall of fame .
it is a pure form of dextrophan . it is a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is situated on the coast of the baltic sea , where it separates the city of stralsund .
he was also named " sportsman of the year " in 1982 .
fives is a british sport believed to be derived from racquet sports .
for example , bhumibol was born on monday , so on his birthday throughout thailand he has yellow color .
both names became defunct in 2007 when it was merged into the national museum of scotland .
tagore also wrote many styles , including craftwork from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14,1960 , president john f . kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president ronald reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series , which aired on pbs .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero to win the wwf european championship -lrb- 8:10 -rrb- and defeated saturn after a diving elbow drop .
she stayed in the united states until 1927 when she returned to france .
despina was found in late july 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was at brescia in italy on 4 september 1921 .
he also wrote two books of short stories called the ribbajack and other curious yarns .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as a stretched object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to take the land and take the land .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south-east corner of western australia , between the south australian border , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration , small pieces of colored and iridescent shell have been used to decorate walls , furniture and boxes .
the other incorporated cities on the peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
fearing that drek will destroy the galaxy , clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero qwark .
it is not actually a louse .
he works with the interaction design as a mainstream discipline , and works towards popularize design as a mainstream discipline .
the editor may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they 've never met in person .
working group i : assesses scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides , separated from the scottish mainland and from the inner hebrides by the stormy waters of the minch , the little minch and the sea of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12,2008 .
formal minor planet names are number-names that are overseen by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum which is a copy of the datum in some backing store .
as a result , although many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must follow these rules .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july 1988 in bristol rugby -rrb- is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
like previous assessment reports , it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter helene langevin-joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris . their grandson , pierre joliot , is a noted biochemist .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign .
the international fight league -lrb- mma -rrb- was an american mixed martial arts promotion promotion promotion called the world 's first mma fight league .
giardia lamblia -lrb- synonymous with lamblia intestinalis and giardia duodenalis -rrb- is a flagellated protozoan parasite that colonize and reproduces in the small intestine .
he has also worked in christian-themed productions , among them the post-rapture movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world war , in which he plays cameron " buck " williams .
it was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river , later called prussia .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory and later he became artistic director of armenian philarmonic orchestra .
the story of christmas is based on the bible accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely and the gospel of luke .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and immoderate behaviour .
the show starred vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was found by stephen p . synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5,1979 .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show hosted by juan luis cano and guillermo fesser .
on 16 june 2009 , the band 's official release date was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of the jungiery boy band 183 club .
the apostolic tradition , attributed to the theologian hippolytus , showed the singing of hallel psalms with alleluia as the refrain in early christian agape feasts .
in return , rollo swore fealty to charles , converted to christianity , and began to defend the northern region of france against the incursions of other viking groups .
it is derived from voice of america special english .
disney received a full-size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones , presented to him by 10 year old child actress shirley temple .
it was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district of the canton of graubu nden , switzerland .
it continues to be the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048 , 576 -rrb- bytes are referenced as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib .
the incident has been the subject of many reports to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or put on weight more quickly .
seventh sons are strong " knacks " -lrb- magical magical abilities -rrb- and seventh sons of seventh sons .
benchmarking is done by passmark software , which highlights the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second scan time , and 7 mb memory use .
volterra is a city in tuscany , italy .
historically , the sensations of itch and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it has several features in common with pain , but shows notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop in london .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson , both former ipswich town and england managers .
take the square root of the variance .
volunteers provided food , blankets , water , children 's toys , massages , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray-sur-huisne is a commune . it is found in the pays-de la-loire region in the sarthe department in the west of france .
if there are no land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often cause pain but are not dangerous .
none of the authors , contributors , sponsors , administrators , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel also served as kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover -lrb- who later became king george i of great britain -rrb- .
their eyes are quite small , and their eyesight is very poor .
they are rivaled as materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an ingredient in greek cuisine .
tickets can be sold for national rail services , the docklands light railway and oyster card .
these works he produced and published himself , while his much larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the sheer weight of the continental icecap is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .
as of 2000 , the population was 88,148 .
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled alliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but not in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid that is used as a pharmaceutical .
it will then sink itself and sink to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he or she knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today , landis ' father has become a hearty supporter of his son and regards himself as one of floyd 's biggest fans .
shortly after becoming category 4 , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the price of a certain type of labor is the wage .
they decided to publish their findings in a book called " an adventure " -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , under the pseudonyms of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london , and spent some time teaching in practical teaching .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafe , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a group of 11,000 troops to defend the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the legation of perugia , and then it merges with states of the church , then -lrb- 1860 -rrb- with the united kingdom of italy .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation that was not lost , and dissipated the next day over brazil , where it caused heavy rains and flooding .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency that was created in 1952 and 1995 .
the current band members are flynn -lrb- vocals , guitar -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- bass -rrb- , phil demmel -lrb- drums -rrb- , and dave mcclain -lrb- drums -rrb- .
in the muslim world , it is more likely to be more muslim-majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are foul mouthed extensions of their earlier characters pete and dud .
johan was the bass guitarist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall , but quit before the band ever released a studio album .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes , the difference being a single first-place vote .
shade sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he defetuously defies that law . he initiates a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home , forcing their premature migration and his separation from them .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
he was diagnosed with terminal in april 1999 .
before the storm arrived , the national park service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the outer banks .
the form of chess played is speed chess , where each competitor has a total of twelve minutes .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river .
the two former presidents were later charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage along the atlantic coastline , west virginia , and west virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
the wave moved across the atlantic , and organized into a tropical depression off the northern coast of haiti on september 13 .
for example , the stylebook of the associated press is updated every year .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district .
unlike the clouds on earth , however , which are composed of crystals of ice , cirrus clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
their participation is limited until they reach legal adulthood .
stable releases are rare , but there are often subversion snapshots which are stable enough to use .
finally in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the city of his destiny .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks-st alexander nevsky cathedral and st george cathedral in nakhichevan -lrb- 1783-1807 -rrb- .
he died on may 29,1518 in madrid , spain . he was buried in the church of san benito d ' alca ntara .
this was first shown in the miller-urey experiment in 1953 by stanley l . miller and harold c . urey .
cogeneration -lrb- also called chp -rrb- is the use of a heat engine to generate electricity and useful heat .
sometimes the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den . the reason for this is unclear .
a wikipedia gadget is a javascript and / or css snippet that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
below are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he was prime minister of egypt from 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
she was left behind when the rest of the nicolen os were moved to the mainland .
he was appointed as a gentleman of the chapel royal , where he served as an organist at least 1615 until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and at first said he may not accept it .
later , esperanto began to see the language and culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves , even if esperanto is never adopted by the united nations or other international organizations .
dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone did not damage much of the deep convection early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american writer .
eva anna paula braun -lrb- 6 february 1912 – 30 april 1945 -rrb- was the longtime companion of adolf hitler . she was also a wife of adolf hitler .
each version of the license is given a special version number .
most irc servers do not require users to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before they are connected .
in 1959 , he received a mechanics certificate , becoming the youngest certificated airplane mechanic in new york .
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- . it was held on august 23,2009 at the staples center in los angeles , california .
he is usually portrayed as being bald , with long whiskers , he is said to be an incarnation of the southern polestar .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing colour in changing environments , either as hare or more rapidly with chromatophores in their integument -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .
val venis beat rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship after tazz hit rikishi with a tv camera .
this is a close way to unix philosophy of having multiple programs , each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
he came from a musical family . his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer , and his father , keith brion , was a band director .
the largest population of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states , but mennonites can also be found in tight-knit communities in at least 51 countries on six continents or scattered amongst those countries .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town , with many people living in naas .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin , with spikes pointing out from the neck and shoulder area along the spine .
the company was chartered on christmas eve 1890 in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
also , bills proposed by the law commission , and consolidation bills start in the house of lords .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the hungarian capital .
you may add up to five words as a front cover text , and a passage of up to 25 words as a back cover text .
he was buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is the part of the hollow inside of bones .
reflection nebulae are usually blue because the scattering is more efficient for blue light than red , which is the same scattering process that gives us blue skies and red sunsets .
it is in the region provence-alpes-co te d ' azur in the vaucluse department in the south of france .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to defuse the bomb , but he is later distracted by something that makes him run out of time .
this was completely complete when messiaen died , and yvonne loriod did the final movement 's orchestra with advice from george benjamin .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad also called for the resignation of the governments of thaksin shinawatra , samak sundaravej and somchai wongsawat , whom the pad accused of being proxies for thaksin .
however , travel through remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a reliable vehicle -lrb- usually a four wheel drive -rrb- .
he was chief architect of the fisher building in 1928 .
he has to leave for rehearsal and he and dr . scho n leave .
britpop was a british independent music scene of the early 1990s . it was influenced by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was then merged into battalions being formed for the xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines , and shorter trains are run .
it has a capacity of 98,000 people . it is the largest stadium in europe and the eleventh largest in the world .
in december 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter and less quality .
there are about 95 species of species .
eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
the term " undies " for underwear and movie " for " moving picture " are oft-heard in english .
it is based on public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches to help the needs of its native society .
he followed this with several other pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehahaha , overture to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha .
the capital city of the state is aracaju .
despite this , farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich taught in the movie .
the lawyer , brandon waise lee , became his idol , and mk sun grew up to be a lawyer .
isbn 1-876429-14-3 is an historic township in the central west of new south wales , australia .
he joined the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
people from california , europe and china were also digging up the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the kindle 2 features 16-level grayscale display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page-refreshing , a text-to-speech option to read the text aloud , and overall thickness reduced from 0.8 to 0.36 inches -lrb- 9.1 millimeters -rrb- .
yoghurt is a dairy product made by bacterial fermentation of milk .
seventy-five defencemen are in the hall of fame , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
alternative views on the subject have been proposed in the centuries , but all of them were rejected by mainstream christian bodies .
the album was banned from many record stores nationwide .
the legs are wide at the top and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations , citing stern 's frequent discussions about his move to sirius satellite radio .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " wendy 's confirms tim hortons ipo by march , ottawa business journal , and system-wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
the plot captain kirk cameron is a firefighter in albany , georgia . he keeps the rule of all firemen , " never leave your partner behind " .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 with 71.25 % of the popular vote .
the plant is a living fossil .
in 1990 , she became the first female singer in saudi arabia to perform in the country .
stravinsky first wrote the ballet in 1913 with the orchestra .
protests across the nation were stopped .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle helene , were very popular in both france and the english-speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles from the tang dynasty have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern-day xian -rrb- .
jeanne marie-madeleine demessieux -lrb- 13 february 1921 – 11 november 1968 -rrb- was a french organist , pianist , composer and pedagogue .
by most accounts , the instrument was almost impossible to control .
santa maria maggiore -lrb- st . mary the greater -rrb- is the oldest church in assisi .
radar observations indicate a fairly pure iron-nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly business journal that covers the railway , metro , light rail and tram industries worldwide .
he was made a companion of honour in 1988 .
loeche harbours the installations of onyx , the swiss interception system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a matchbook is a small cardboard folder -lrb- matchcover -rrb- enclosing a quantity of matches . it has a coarse striking surface on the outside .
she was the first doctors to object cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
there is a three-volume manga series after graystripe , a three-volume original english-language manga series , between the time that he was taken by twolegs in dawn until he returned to thunderclan .
samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not congregate in urban enclaves ; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were able to interact with americans .
he was also known for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
during childhood she had collapsed lungs twice , and had pneumonia 4-5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a tonsillar cyst .
david lindenmeyer -lrb- australian national university -rrb- has argued that the need for nest boxes is not ecologically sustainable , for conserving hollow-dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are an ice hockey team that began playing in 2002 . they currently play in montreal , quebec .
this is also possible to be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term gribble was originally used for the wood-boring species , especially the first species described from norway by limnoria lignorum in 1799 .
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma .
thereafter the county 's administration was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has ever achieved a quadruple axel in competition .
from the telephone exchange , the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
performance is characterized by the amount of useful work done by a computer system compared to the time and resources used .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the crosier symbolises the monasteries of the region .
human skin is very dark brown to very pale pink .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank .
bremer said plans to put saddam on trial , but said that the details of such a trial had not yet been found .
the members of the professional hockey writers association vote for the all-star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9,2000 under the ownership of bomis , inc . , a web portal company .
notable features of the design include key-dependent s-boxes and a highly complex key schedule .
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other nearby towns include pont-bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quark model was independently proposed by murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands . it was added in 1938 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli , a painter from italy .
sydney 's capital city is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers , such as polyester , vinyl ester or nylon , are also used .
the name survives as a brand for a spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which survived the demise of printed magazine .
at four-and-a-half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years , living in various orphanages and roving through towns with groups of other homeless children .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
a town may be called a market town or as having market rights even if it does not have a market , it can still exists .
a bastion on the eastern side was built later .
events europe july 29 — battle of stiklestad -lrb- norway -rrb- : olav haraldsson loses to his vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have been suggested that tresca was taken away by the nkvd as retribution for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
use html and css markup sparingly and only with good reason .
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb of croydon in the london borough of croydon .
depending on the context , another meaning of constituent is that of a citizen living in the area governed , represented , or otherwise served by a politician .
prunk is a member of the institute of european history in mainz , and a senior fellow of the center for european integration studies in bonn .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 .
the crew built a trailer with a cantilever attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the next year , the papers were published in a book about employment and inflation theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a platforming video game for the " wario land " series . it was started with " super mario land 3 " .
frederic chopin 's work " opus 57 " is a berceuse for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian , quinine 's work that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the gold coast , nigeria and other parts of west africa .
also , spectroscopic studies have shown evidence of hydrated minerals and silicates , which show a stony surface composition .
she became editor of her husband ’ s works for breitkopf und hartel .
mercury is similar in appearance to the moon : it is heavily cratered with regions of smooth plains . it has no natural satellites and no atmosphere .
the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zurich .
these are excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was successively ruled by the turkish and afghan governors from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene shows harry 's bravery , and by retrieving cedric 's corpse , he shows selflessness and compassion .
on june 1,1972 , he and fellow raf members jan-carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
together they formed new music manchester , a group that made music .
the compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's tomb -lrb- tomb -rrb- and places for pilgrims .
the main church has been restored entirely .
in 2005 , she became the second american woman to land the triple axel jump in the national competition .
salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
forty-nine species of pipefish and nine species of seahorse have been recorded .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km east of puerto rico .
therefore , these pdfs can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , he was arrested on the orders of police inspector frederick pottinger for taking part in an armed robbery .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 , causing localized flood waters .
version 2009.1 provides a usb installer to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved .
in the federal assembly , the seats were distributed as follows : 2 members , christian democratic people 's party -lrb- cvp -rrb- : 2 members : 2 members , 2 members , 2 members , 3 -lrb- spp -rrb- , and 2 swiss people 's party member -lrb- spp -rrb- .
a fee is the price that pays as remuneration for services , especially the honorarium paid to a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system covers twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the overlordship of norway , but scotland was able to stop a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles from the album included " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , and " universally speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software under a permissive free software license , but by this time other operating systems had become an operating system for students and hobbyists .
the body color varies from medium-brown to gold-ish to beige-white ; and occasionally , is marked with dark brown spots , especially on the limbs .
the britannica was a scottish enterprise , as symbolised by its thistle logo , the floral emblem of scotland .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified , before being cancelled soon after landfall on september 23 .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune said that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders said that mark 77 firebombs on iraqi republican guards during the initial stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by intertitles , and could help historians imagine what the film may have been like .
this means that in real estate , businesses and other assets in the underground economies of the third world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he bolted from sydney cove several times before being shot dead in 1796 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp and ordered them to surrender .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget-in-a-cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now , fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a type of fictional character from marvel comics .
the sat reasoning test -lrb- formerly scholastic aptitude test and scholastic assessment test -rrb- is a test for college admissions in the united states .
civil unrest in northern italy spawns the medieval musical form of geisslerlieder , penitential songs sung by wandering bands of flagellants .
some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
he was sent to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian . he found " that low door in the wall . which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her friendship with russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either found toward or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius in 1950 , after mulder saw that all proteins seemed to have the same formula and might be composed of a single type of -lrb- very large -rrb- molecule .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang tried to capture the jerilderie people for 16 months .
barneville-la-bertran is a commune . it is found in the basse-normandie region in the basse-normandie region in northwest france .
the color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 an extension was added , curved north from union station , below university avenue and queen 's park to near bloor street , where it turned west to terminate at st . george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the central australian line was passed along the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to unalakleet .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of cardiac death or both .
it was the largest sub-region in mesoamerica . it was a vast and varied landscape , from the mountainous regions of the sierra madre to the semi-arid plains of northern yucata n .
google subsequently made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college , where they are carefully audited and require official proofs before being altered .
the book , political economy , was published in 1985 , but had limited classroom use .
he toured with the ipo in the spring of 1990 for their first performance in moscow and leningrad , and performed with the ipo again in 1994 , performing in china and india .
napoleonic wars : austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm , reaping napoleon over 30,000 prisoners and 10,000 casualties on the losers .
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the production and export of groundnuts .
south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages-kannada , malayalam , tamil , telugu and tulu .
meteora won the band multiple awards and honors .
after a short stand-off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m . sherman and robert b . sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move to the area .
from 1900 to 1920 , many new facilities were built on campus , including facilities for the dental and pharmacy programs , a chemistry building , a building for the natural sciences , a large hospital and library complexes .
winchester is a city of illinois in the united states .
arzashkun was the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in-ka formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsissa , which was applied by the ancients to part of lake van .
out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen to be among the 15 candidates to appear on tv show .
it was broadcast on the abc network from september 21,1993 to march 1,2005 .
the latter device can then be used in less stringent environments .
gimnasia then hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio ce sar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city of iowa in the united states .
she also appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24,1979 , glinde received its town charter from the 750th anniversary of the village .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 , and later mario vs . donkey kong 2 : march of the minis in 2006 .
the vagina is elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth .
his real date of birth was never recorded , but it is believed to be a date between 1935 and 1939 .
this is a quantitative measure that shows how much of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process by half of a process .
the name suggests that they are in the canton of berne , in the canton of bern , portions of the bernese alps are in the cantons of valais , lucerne , obwalden , fribourg and vaud .
there he had one daughter , mary ann fisher power , to ann power .
during an interview , producer edward gorey said that bawden was one of his favorite artists , and said that not many people remembered or knew about this fine artist .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes . every mode is a different particle : electron , gluon , etc .
gable also earned an academy award nomination for his role as fletcher christian in the 1935 movie " mutiny on the bounty " .
