one side of the armed conflicts is mainly of the sudanese military and the janjaweed , a sudanese militia group .
mecca is the main gateway to mecca , islam 's holiest city , which able - bodied muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
the great dark spot is thought to represent a hole in the methane cloud deck of neptune .
his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
the , character , spun a black cord and , it to the ball , , away fast to the east , pulling on the cord with all his strength .
there he died on date@2 in gpe@1 , gpe@2 , aged date@3 .
they are culturally like the coastal peoples of papua new guinea .
since 2000 , the recipient is given the since since award to the value of £ 5000 .
the drummers are dancers , who often play the drum .
the spacecraft is named after the italian astronomer , mathematician and physicist christiaan huygens .
person@2 8 november 1942 -rrb- is a former italian football player .
it was thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
graham studied at wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 .
however , the bzö differs a bit in comparison to the freedom party .
many species had disappeared by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
in 1987 , wexler was added into the rock and roll hall of fame .
in occurs as a white powder .
admission to tsinghua is very competitive .
today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
it is at the coast of the baltic sea .
he was also named 1982 " sportsman of the year " by sports illustrated .
fives is a sport that is believed to come from the same name as many racquet sports .
he was born on monday .
the names of the names were changed to the national museum of scotland .
nevertheless , tagore had many styles , including , from northern new ireland , haida carvings from the west coast of canada -lrb- british columbia -rrb- , and woodcuts by max pechstein .
on october 14 , 1960 , presidential candidate john f. kennedy proposed the concept of what became the peace corps on the steps of michigan union .
she performed for president reagan in 1988 's great performances at the white house series .
perry saturn -lrb- with terri -rrb- defeated eddie guerrero -lrb- with chyna -rrb- to win the wwf european championship -lrb- perry saturn -lrb- with -rrb- .
she remained in the united states until 1927 when she and her husband returned to france .
despina was discovered in late july , 1989 from the images taken by the voyager 2 probe .
the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
he also completed two collections of short stories entitled the ribbajack & other he he and seven strange and he tales .
at the voyager 2 images ophelia appears as a stretched object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
the british decided to eliminate him and take the land by force .
some towns on the eyre highway in the south - east corner of western australia are between the south australian border almost as far as caiguna , do not follow official western australian time .
in architectural decoration small pieces of coloured and iridescent shell have been used to create mosaics and colored .
the other cities in the palos verdes peninsula include rancho palos verdes , rolling hills estates and rolling hills .
clank asks ratchet to help him find the famous superhero captain qwark .
it is not actually a true louse .
he advocates using a user - centered design process in product development cycles .
it is possible that the other editors who may have reported you , and the administrator who blocked you , are part of a conspiracy against someone half a world away they ' ve never met in person .
working group i : working group scientific aspects of the climate system and climate change .
the island chain forms part of the hebrides .
orton and his wife welcomed alanna marie orton on july 12 , 2008 .
formal minor planet designations are number - name combinations by the minor planet center , a branch of the iau .
by early on september 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
each entry has a datum .
as a result , many mosques will not enforce violations , both men and women when attending a mosque must as to these guidelines .
mariel of redwall is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 1991 .
ryan prosser -lrb- born 10 july , 1988 -rrb- is a norp@1 rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
it has four reports , three of them from its working groups .
their granddaughter hélène langevin - joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the university of paris .
this stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of victoria 's reign .
the international fight league was an american mixed martial arts -lrb- mma -rrb- promotion .
giardia with is a protozoan parasite that is found in the small intestine , causing -lrb- .
cameron has often worked in christian - themed productions , among them the post - aside movies left behind : the movie , left behind ii : tribulation force , and left behind : world at war .
this was the area east of the mouth of the vistula river .
after graduation he returned to yerevan to teach at the local conservatory .
the story of christmas is based on the biblical accounts given in the gospel of matthew , namely - and the gospel of the .
weelkes was later to find himself in trouble with the chichester cathedral authorities for his heavy drinking and weelkes behavior .
he has been in many movies , including vic reeves , nancy sorrell , gaby roslin , scott mills , mark chapman , simon gregson , sue cleaver , carol thatcher , paul o ' grady and lee ryan .
it was discovered by stephen p. synnott in images from the voyager 1 space probe taken on march 5 , 1979 while orbiting around jupiter .
gomaespuma was a spanish radio show .
on 16 june 2009 , the official release date of the resistance was announced on the band 's website .
he is also a member of another jungiery group .
the apostolic tradition , the christian writer , said that the singing of hallel the apostolic tradition with the apostolic tradition as the refrain in early christian feasts .
in return , rollo swore to charles , converted to christianity .
it is derived from voice of america -lrb- it -rrb- special english .
disney received a full - size oscar statuette and seven miniature ones .
it was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
hinterrhein is a district in the canton of graubünden in switzerland .
it continues as the bohemian switzerland in the czech republic .
this leads to consumer confusion when 220 -lrb- 1,048,576 bytes is referenced as 1 mb -lrb- megabyte -rrb- instead of 1 mib .
the incident is the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
they are castrated so that the animal may be more cheap .
seventh sons have strong " seventh " -lrb- magical abilities -rrb- .
benchmarking conducted by passmark software shows the 2009 version 's 52 second install time , 32 second benchmarking time , and 7 mb memory .
volterra is a town in the tuscany region of italy .
the sensations of of and pain have not been considered to be independent of each other until recently , where it was found that independent has several features in common with pain , but exhibits notable differences .
the tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein - rich mucous .
the same tram had derailed on 30 may 2006 at starr gate loop .
there are statues of sir alf ramsey and sir bobby robson .
the square root is the square root of the variance .
volunteers have food , blankets , water , children 's toys , volunteers , and a live rock band performance for those at the stadium .
vouvray - sur - vouvray is a commune .
if there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , changing it into an ordinary town road .
it is also a starting point for people wanting to explore cooktown , cape york peninsula , and the atherton tableland .
bruises often induce pain but are not normally dangerous .
the authors , contributors , administrators , the , or anyone else connected with wikipedia , in any way anyone , can be responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages .
george frideric handel was the ordinal@1 kapellmeister for george , elector of hanover .
their eyes are quite small , and their visual acuity is poor .
they are they as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
oregano is an ingredient in greek cuisine .
the tickets can be tickets for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
his most larger woodcuts were mostly commissioned work .
the historical method is the techniques and guidelines by which historians use primary sources and other evidence to research and then to write history .
the weight of the continental the sits on top of lake vostok .
as of 2000 , 89,148 people lived there .
aliteracy -lrb- sometimes spelled aliteracy -rrb- is the state of being able to read but being devoted in doing so .
mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound .
it will then push itself and sink back to the river bed in order to digest its food and wait for its next meal .
however , research has shown children are less likely to report a crime if it involves someone that he knows , trusts , and / or cares about .
today , landis ' father has become a today supporter of his son .
after attaining category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
the price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
they decided to publish their findings in a book an adventure -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , under the names of elizabeth morison and frances lamont .
he settled in london .
brunstad has several fast food restaurants , a cafeteria - style restaurant , coffee bar , and its own grocery store .
he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to the newly conquered region .
in 1438 trevi passed under the temporal rule of the church as part of the trevi of perugia .
the depression moved inland on the 20th as a circulation not the storm .
the new york city housing authority police department was a law enforcement agency in new york city that existed from 1952 to 1995 .
the band members are flynn -lrb- vocals , dave mcclain , flynn , person@6 , person@7 , and dave mcclain .
advocacy countries with a minority muslim population are more likely than muslim - majority countries of the greater middle east to use mosques as a way to promote civic participation .
the characters are the , and the characters are the .
johan was the original bassist of the swedish power metal band hammerfall .
in 1998 , culver ran for iowa secretary of state .
in 1990 , mark messier took the hart over ray bourque by a margin of two votes .
and sets the main plot of the novel in motion when he the says that law , and accidentally starts a chain of events that leads to the destruction of his colony 's home .
the female equivalent is a daughter .
person@1 was diagnosed with abdominal cancer in april 1999 .
the storm is the ordinal@1 time to the storm .
the form of chess played is speed chess .
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .
the two former presidents were later separately charged with mutiny and treason for their roles in the 1979 coup and the 1980 gwangju massacre .
moderate to severe damage , the atlantic coastline , and as far inland as west virginia .
because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are because compared to walkers .
the wave traveled across the atlantic .
for example , the for of the associated press is updated annually .
the four canonical texts are the gospel of matthew , gospel of mark , gospel of luke and gospel of john , probably written between ad 65 and 100 .
since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
the clouds on earth are made of crystals of ice , neptune 's however clouds are made up of crystals of frozen methane .
they are limited until they reach legal adulthood .
the development development releases are rare , but there are often development development which are stable enough to use .
in 1482 the order sent him to florence , the ' city of his destiny ’ .
in the soviet years , the bolsheviks destroyed two of rostov 's main landmarks - st alexander nevsky cathedral -lrb- 1908 -rrb- and st george cathedral in , -lrb- 1805 - 1807 -rrb- .
alcantara died on may 29 in madrid , spain , aged date@2 .
this was demonstrated in the miller - urey experiment by stanley l. miller and harold c. urey in 1953 .
chp -lrb- also combined heat and power -rrb- is the use of a heat engine or a power station to simultaneously generate both electricity and useful heat .
the male " den master " will also allow a second male into the den .
a wikipedia a is a a that can be enabled by checking an option in your wikipedia preferences .
there are some useful links to facilitate your involvement .
he served as the prime minister of egypt from date@4 .
she was left behind -lrb- explanations for this vary -rrb- when the rest of the nicoleños were moved to the mainland .
he was an organist at least james until his death .
chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award .
later , esperanto speakers began to see the language and the culture that had grown up around it as ends in themselves .
dry air wrapping around the southern edge of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .
calvin baker is an american novelist .
eva anna paula braun , died date@3 , date@4 -rrb- was a norp@1 companion and former wife of person@4 .
each version of the license is given a version of the license .
most irc servers do not need to register an account but a user will have to set a nickname before being connected .
that same year he also received a mechanics certificate .
summerslam -lrb- 2009 -rrb- is an upcoming professional wrestling pay - per - view event made by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- . it will take place on august 23 , 2009 at staples center in los angeles , california .
usually is a very bald , and is said to be an org@1 of the southern usually .
a few animals have chromatic response , changing color in changing environments , either a -lrb- ermine , animals hare -rrb- or far more rapidly with chromatophores in their either -lrb- the cephalopod family -rrb- .
val venis defeated rikishi in a steel cage match to retain the wwf intercontinental championship .
this closely resembles the unix philosophy of having multiple programs each doing one thing well and working together over universal interfaces .
his mother , larue , was an administrative assistant and singer .
the largest populations of mennonites are in canada , democratic republic of congo and the united states .
naas is a major " dublin suburb " town .
acanthopholis 's armour consisted of oval plates set almost horizontally into the skin .
origin irmo was founded on christmas eve in response to the opening of the columbia , newberry and laurens railroad .
however , bills proposed by the law commission , and the bills of the law , are the ordinal@1 of the ordinal@1 to be made .
in the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began to for wallachia , vlad lived with his new wife in the hungarian capital .
it is a passage of up to five words as a a .
he is buried in the restvale cemetery in alsip , illinois .
bone marrow is a tissue found in the hollow interior of bones .
than nebulae are usually blue .
monteux is a commune .
macgruber starts asking for simple objects to make something to something the bomb .
this was difficult to complete when messiaen died .
shi ' a muslims consider karbala to be one of their holiest cities after mecca , medina , jerusalem and najaf .
the pad said that the pad said that the pad said that the pad said that the pad accused of being imf 's minister for thaksin .
however , travel through very remote areas , on isolated tracks , requires advance planning and a suitable , reliable vehicle .
he was chief architect for the fisher building in 1928 .
he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .
the band was formed in the early 1990s by bands influenced by british guitar pop music of the 1960s and 1970s .
this was part of battalions being formed for xi international brigade .
the sheppard line currently has fewer users than the other two subway lines .
it has a capacity of 98,772 . it is the largest stadium in europe .
in december , 1967 , ten boom was honored as one of the righteous among the nations by the state of israel .
some articles are short and rich in content .
there are cardinal@2 species of species .
eugowra is named after the indigenous australian word meaning " the place where the sand washes down the hill " .
the title of " terms " is used for underwear and " movie " for " moving picture " .
to draws its substance from public international law , conflict of laws , constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to provide resources to the needs of its native society .
he wrote a lot of pieces about hiawatha : the death of minnehaha , usher to the song of hiawatha and hiawatha 's he .
the capital of the state is aracaju .
farrenc was paid less than her male counterparts for nearly a decade .
gumbasia was created in a style vorkapich .
he was a lawyer .
isbn 1 - isbn - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 is a township in the central part of new south wales , australia in cabonne shire .
he served in the australian army on 18 june 2002 .
prospectors from california , europe and china were also digging along the peel river and up the mountain slopes .
the most commonly used calculation is the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
the text 2 features read 16-level display , improved battery life , 20 percent faster page - features , a text - to - speech option to read the text reading , and overall thickness .
yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product made by bacteria .
seventy - five defencemen are in the hall of fame , more than any other current position .
the term " work_of_art@1 " was proposed throughout the centuries .
the album was banned from many record stores .
the legs are wide at the top , and narrow at the ankle .
in late 2004 , suleman made headlines by cutting howard stern 's radio show from four citadel stations .
the company opened twice as many canadian outlets as mcdonald 's " opened 's confirms tim hortons canadian by march " , ottawa business journal , december 1 , 2005 , and system - wide sales also surpassed those of mcdonald 's canadian operations as of 2002 .
caleb holt is a firefighter in albany , georgia .
he won the presidential election on 2 march 2008 .
the plant is considered a living fossil .
in 1990 , she was the only woman to perform in saudi arabia .
stravinsky first wrote the ballet in 1913 .
protests across the nation were suppressed .
offenbach 's many operettas , such as orpheus in the underworld , and la belle hélène , were very popular in both france and the english - speaking world during the 1850s and 1860s .
roof tiles dating back to the tang dynasty with this symbol have been found west of the ancient city of chang ' an -lrb- modern - day tiles -rrb- .
jeanne marie - madeleine jeanne marie - madeleine -lrb- february 13 , 1921 november 11 , 1968 -rrb- was a french organist , pianist , composer , and jeanne marie - madeleine .
by most accounts , the instrument was almost impossible to control .
the org@1 is the ordinal@1 church in assisi .
characteristics radar observations indicate a very pure iron - nickel composition .
railway gazette international is a monthly newspaper .
he was made work_of_art@1 in 1988 .
loèche harbours the loèche loèche system for electronic intelligence gathering .
a a is a small cardboard folder .
she was among the first doctors to measure a cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
she vowed to never renounce the commune .
the manga series " work_of_art@1 " is a series of manga series .
samovar & porter -lrb- 1994 -rrb- , p . 84 syrians did not come together in urban enclaves . many of the immigrants who had worked as p were able to interact with americans on a daily basis .
he was also famous for his prints , book covers , posters , and garden metalwork furniture .
she had pneumonia 4 - 5 times a year , a ruptured appendix , and had a during cyst .
the need for nest boxes is not sustainable , for conserve hollow - dependent species like leadbeater 's possum .
the montreal canadiens are a professional ice hockey team that began playing in date@1 .
small value small can also be built on integrated circuits using the same processes that are used to make transistors .
the term originally was originally assigned to the wood - boring species , especially the first species described from norway by rathke in 1799 , limnoria gribble .
the wounds caused by a club are generally known as the or blunt - force trauma injuries .
the county was conducted at duns or lauder until greenlaw became the county town in 1596 .
no skater has never accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
the port jackson district commandant could communicate with all military bases on the harbour .
however , even to those who enter the prayer hall of a mosque without the intention of praying , there are still rules that apply .
it is described as pointed in the face and about the size of a rabbit .
computer performance is a type of computer .
some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the volga .
the the symbolises the monasteries of the region .
the skin of the skin is dark brown .
bankers from shorebank , a community development bank in chicago , helped yunus with the official incorporation of the bank under a grant from the ford foundation .
bremer said that the details of such a trial had not yet been determined .
representatives of the professional hockey writers ' association vote for the all - star team at the end of the regular season .
tajikistan , turkmenistan and uzbekistan border afghanistan to the north , iran to the west , pakistan to the south and the people 's republic of china to the east .
nupedia was founded on march 9 , 2000 .
notable features of the design include key - dependent s - boxes and a complex key schedule .
iain grieve -lrb- born 19 february , 1987 in jwaneng , botswana -rrb- is a rugby union player for bristol rugby in the guinness premiership .
other towns include pont - bellanger and beaumesnil .
the quarks were proposed by physicists murray gell - mann and george zweig in 1964 .
the fourth ring is decorated with golden garlands and was added in 1938 39 when the column was moved to its present location .
west berlin had its own postal administration , separate from west germany 's , which issued its own postage stamps until 1990 .
the primavera is a painting by sandro botticelli .
the capital of the city is sydney .
the polymer is most often epoxy , but other polymers are sometimes used .
the name is still a brand for a spin - off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .
at four - and - a - half years old he was left to fend for himself on the streets of northern italy for the next four years .
stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be improved .
a town may be described as a market town or as having market rights even if it no longer holds a market .
a norp@1 is a part of the eastern approach .
olav haraldsson loses to his pagan vassals and is killed in the battle .
others have suggested that tresca was eliminated by the nkvd as revenge for criticism of the stalin regime of the soviet union .
this resulted in both montenegro and serbia becoming independent countries .
the use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use use
schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
addiscombe is a suburb of croydon , england .
the term " the " is used by a politician .
prunk is a member of institute of european history in mainz .
stallone also had a cameo appearance in the 2003 french movie taxi 3 as a passenger .
the crew tried to make a trailer with a trailer arm attached to the " hovercraft " and shot the scene while riding up templin highway north of santa clarita .
the conference papers were published the next year in a the the of employment and the theory by phelps et al .
wario land the wario land series is a series of series that is a spin - off of the series .
frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a frédéric chopin for solo piano .
these attacks may have been psychological in origin rather than physical .
a historian has said that " it was experimenting that gave colonists fresh opportunities to " " .
scientists study the minerals and silicates .
she was the editor of her husband 's works for breitkopf und härtel .
mercury is similar to the moon : it is heavily appearance with regions of smooth plains , has no natural satellites and no large atmosphere .
the town is in the limmat valley between baden and zürich .
the ideal is good for these , hog deer and blue bull .
after the sena dynasty , dhaka was ruled by the turkish and afghan governors descending from the delhi sultanate before the arrival of the mughals in 1608 .
the prime minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
for rowling , this scene is important because it shows harry 's courage .
on june 1 , 1972 , he and fellow raf members jan - carl raspe and holger meins were arrested after a long shootout in frankfurt .
they formed new music manchester , a group of music musicians .
the big hurricane caused the damage in the upper florida keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
it is now the site of meher baba 's it -lrb- tomb - shrine -rrb- as well as facilities and accommodations for pilgrims .
the building was restored by the main church .
in 2005 , meissner became the second american woman to be the second woman to be in the triple axel jump in national competition .
salem is a city in the u.s. state of massachusetts .
there are nine species of forty - nine .
saint martin is a tropical island in the northeast caribbean , approximately 300 km -lrb- 186 miles -rrb- east of puerto rico .
therefore , these therefore can not be distributed without further manipulation if they contain images .
in april 1862 , ben was arrested on the orders of police inspector sir frederick pottinger for participating in an armed robbery .
heavy rain fell across parts of britain on october 5 .
version 2009.1 is a version to create a live usb , where the user 's configuration and personal data can be saved if desired .
the seats were distributed as follows : free democratic party -lrb- fdp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : 2 members , social democratic party -lrb- sp -rrb- : cardinal@4 members , and swiss people 's party -lrb- svp -rrb- : 1 member .
a fee is the price that pays a person pays a doctor , lawyer , consultant , or other member of a learned profession .
ohio state 's library system is a library in columbus .
in other developments , both iceland and greenland accepted the rule of norway , but scotland was able to both a norse invasion and broker a favorable peace settlement .
the singles were " by the way " , " the zephyr song " , " ca n't stop " , " from " and " from speaking " .
in april 2000 , minix became free / open source software .
the body color varies from medium brown to beige - white .
the britannica was a scottish enterprise .
the area covered by the warning issued on september 22 was extended southwards as jose intensified .
in august 2003 , the san diego union tribune alleged that u.s. marine pilots and their commanders confirmed the use of mark 77 , on iraqi republican guards during the ordinal@1 stages of combat .
the latter provided audiences with the sort of information later provided by provided .
this is because real estate , businesses and other assets in the banking world can not be used as collateral to raise capital to finance industrial and commercial expansion .
he was shot dead in sydney cove , gpe@2 , gpe@3 .
ned and dan advanced to the police camp .
before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the " midget - in - a - cake " appearance had not been up to veeck 's usual promotional standard .
in a short video promoting the charity equality now joss whedon confirmed that " fray is not done , fray is coming back .
a mutant is a character in comic books by marvel comics .
the sat the test -lrb- formerly the the test and the assessment test -rrb- is a test for college admissions for college admissions .
there is a lot of unrest in northern italy .
some reports read that different problems increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
his sentence was transportation to australia for seven years .
waugh writes that charles had been " in search of love in those days " when he first met sebastian , finding " that low door in the wall ... which opened on an enclosed and enchanted garden " .
her friendship with the russian saint grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
the term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either in or grow off that side of an animal .
the term " protein " was coined by berzelius .
after the jerilderie raid , the gang laid low for 16 months evading capture .
barneville - la - bertran is a commune .
color ranges from orange to pale yellow .
in 1963 , it turned west to terminate at st. george and bloor streets .
before 1980 , a section of the commonwealth railways central british british line passed along the western side of the simpson desert .
it is on an old portage trail which led west through the mountains to it .
people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of cardiomyopathy or sudden cardiac death or both .
it is the largest sub - region in mesoamerica .
google made the comic available on google books and their site and mentioned it on its official blog along with an explanation for the early release .
anyone may register a pedigree with the college .
the book was published in 1985 .
he toured with the in in the spring of 1990 for their first - ever performance in the soviet union , with concerts in moscow and leningrad .
austrian general mack surrenders his army to the grand army of napoleon at ulm .
it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria .
most south indians speak one of the five dravidian languages .
meteora earned the band multiple awards and honors .
after a brief stand - off , the wwf cavalry turned around and attacked kane and jericho .
most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
from 1900 to 1920 many new facilities were constructed on campus .
winchester is a city of illinois in gpe@4 .
the name armenian seems to be the assyrian form of an armenian name ending in arzashkun formed from a proper name arzash , which recalls the name arsene , arsissa , applied by the god to part of lake van .
she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show .
the episodes were broadcast on the abc network from 1993 to 2005 .
the device can then be designed and used in less the environments .
gimnasia hired francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , but both had limited success .
brighton is a city in the gpe@5 state of iowa .
she appeared in several music videos , including " it girl " by john oates and " just lose it " by eminem .
on june 24 1979 , glinde was given its town charter .
pauline returned in the game boy remake of donkey kong in 1994 .
the vagina is a elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter .
his real date of birth was never recorded .
this measure of a particular drug or other substance -lrb- inhibitor -rrb- is needed to inhibit a given biological process .
the name suggests that they are in the bernese oberland region of the canton of bern .
there he had one daughter , person@3 , and ann -lrb- e -rrb- power .
during an interview , edward gorey mentioned that bawden was one of his favorite artists .
the string can vibrate in different modes just as a guitar string can produce different notes .
gable also earned an academy award nomination when he played fletcher christian in 1935 's mutiny on the bounty .
